somebody asked how my Fred's are doing I
haven't sold any lately
the reason being I sold a lot of my
really nice ones and they kept all the
sort of reject looking ones not the
wisest thing to do but I don't know what
else to do with them and they're too
ugly to sell so pretty soon I didn't
have any good ones left to sell or that
I wanted to get rid of and so what I did
was I I started a bunch of cuttings off
of one of my normal-looking Fred's and
started a bunch of new baby ones which
are here you're still pretty small but
they're doing really good this is what a
Fred normally looks like just kind of a
knobby green mutant of a cactus
normal-looking Fred
a weird friend with roots coming out of
the top of it
and here is a beautiful crested thread
it's probably the nicest one I have even
that's not really very big
we can't we